listen I really liked all three of these
let me explain so if there's one thing
that these two have in common
it's the box office narrative that's
been going around because of it
something that fleabag doesn't have to
deal with since it was streaming but on
the week of both of these openings I
read more articles talking about how
they stumbled at the box office and
people were actually talking about the
movie itself I heard people blaming
book-smart and its release date because
it decided to go wide right away as
opposed to releasing it in limited
theaters first which is something I
always say being stationed in Chicago
but when late-night decided to go
limited it worked even less I know that
there's this whole cinema versus
streaming debate going on right now and
I do get the dream of wanting to see
your movie at a theater but the question
is how do you get the general audience
to pay the same price for an indie that
they did a two billion dollar
blockbuster I mean if we look at the
streaming numbers we see more people are
starting to stream at home and you can
ask people who hate paying $12 to go see
a movie at the theater with a lot of
noxious people then there's even the
theater chains themselves that have
acknowledged the problem and are trying
to fix it
AMC has this new thing they're doing
called artisan films where they
highlight certain independent movies to
give them an extra push by I guess
adding a logo to the poster now I don't
know what constitutes something as being
more artisan than another but what I do
know is that AMC has done this exact
program before with a different name so
I don't know what's gonna happen here
but what I do wish is that there was
another way to release a movie and that
it can reach the widest audience
possible you know if it could cut down
on distribution if they didn't have to
spend 33 million dollars on marketing
Late Late Night did and it didn't even
bring back a quarter of that now I
really like these movies and I've seen
the multiple times in theaters which is
why I've always thought that the numbers
the the projections were we're kind of
off because you're comparing book-smart
to others like it did pretty well even
compared to its own numbers I didn't
expect it to beat Aladdin which was for
some reason the narrative but the irony
of setting these crazy financial
expectations on a movie that's about
these two girls trying to subvert their
own expectations it's
quite fascinating I always thought
projections were supposed to be made by
professionals who would have seen that
Annapurna rarely makes a hundred back
unless they got a partner love their
movies not the greatest at spreading the
word but that's okay
because I believe that both of these
movies will find its audience and be
successful once they're on the streaming
platforms that bought the rights for it
so the super bad comparison
I've actually been watching a lot more
insecure season 3 right now and
book-smart reminds me a lot about that
one with how blunt both of the art but I
understand the super bad comparison I
have heard people you know kind of be
upset acting like it's disrespectful to
compare book-smart to another successful
team movie but people also thought it
was disrespectful to call peeled the
next Kubrick and not the first peel
meanwhile Pele was dressed as Jack
Torrance during interviews so I
personally see it as a compliment
because it's not the only movie this
year that's a lot like super bad trust
me and the story itself precedes super
bad anyways the story of two friends at
the end of their senior year who never
got frisky during high school so they
set out to smash that summer with a
specific person in mind before college
everyone at the school has pegged them
as losers they have the quirky third
friend who gets them in trouble they're
trying to get to a party throughout the
entire movie when they finally do the
main to have a fight as they realize
that they're about to go their separate
ways after high school they both have
characters who try to do it at a party
and it ends up really awkward and then
they end up getting arrested there's
this there's that there's the fact that
these two are siblings and the thing is
I think you can still enjoy both how
dare you say that about my best friend
you [ __ ] slap my biggest grab but the
movie is really the name Superbad is
engaging I would get two tickets for
that but when I searched up book-smart
on IMDB I get other short dramas about
literary geniuses appearing when asked
mine on film friends about this movie
they actually thought it was a chess
prodigy movie but even pawn sacrifice
had a better name than that either way
it is a junior price for me like I said
I've seen it multiple times since I
caught it at South by Southwest and I
think it gets funnier I remember when I
graduated and there was a couple of
people who were like them that had
dedicated their lives to school
sacrificed all parties spun
relationships and then the jocks joined
them at their Ivy League I'm incredible
at hand jobs but I also got a 1560 on
the SATs
don't judge me it was my fifth choice
Harvard I'm not going to college I got
recruited to go code for Google I mean
it's not a tallboy imagine everything
you know being allowed that's like a mom
committing to his life of abstinence
only to learn on his deathbed that the
word was celebrate not celibate now I'm
not gonna lie I was a part of the 90% of
our senior class that just became our
freshman community class so I wasn't
having random parties on it yet but boy
do I know these parents Selam me being
your dad was the greatest honor of my
life there was a lot of parts that I
loved in the movie but all the parents
bits I thought were equally hilarious I
loved the scene with the Scranton
strangler surprisingly the person I
related to the most was George a little
bit more flamboyant than I was but yo he
didn't give off sort of [ __ ] the
Malala reference was funny not so much
because of the word but it's hilarious
because I know we all have our own
version of that word with your friends
where they better stop everything if you
summing up that card and marker his name
I think seeing Olivia Wilde's husband in
it was cool
who's that cardi B always good to see
couples supporting each other in films
but on top of all of the comedic bits
the message is a bit different you know
then what we usually get in our average
teen guy comedies dudes always see
couples and movies and let's just say
it's always in their favor so we usually
don't have bits in our movies that call
out unrealistic expectations even though
we pretty much good y'all seeing that
picture of Jason Momoa supposedly being
out of shape if he's out of shape I'm
out of luck there was a line that's said
by Annie who's this smart student going
into Yale and yet she's the only one
who's always getting called by her
nickname because they slut-shame her and
I'm sure we all remember that girl
probably don't even remember her name
but the nickname that they gave her in
high school
but what's focus about this one is that
even in the IMDB for her character they
put the [ __ ] nickname instead though
we key even put her real name in
parentheses I just want people to know
my real name of course
and if [ __ ] dude no not right now
overall I think it's a good movie and I
think it'll do well on streaming
I got this one at Sundance and I liked
it but yo did they fumble this one see
Amazon had purchased this one I guess
assuming it be their next big sick both
were huge at Sundance with me getting
denied three times to see the big six a
year that was out and then this year for
late night there was reports that it was
so buzz were these people with actual
tickets who had already purchased their
seats were denied entry something that
wasn't the case at the box office both
of them had similar budgets Amazon paid
big bucks for both both were limited
releases that went wide around the same
time and while they sent it around
similar cultures to one made money and
got Oscar buzz the other lost 33 million
dollars and got an exact fired he still
stuck my boy Kumar in an uber though
pretty much the story revolves around
this British late-night host who's about
to get replaced by Dane Cook 2.0 so she
pulls in a diversity hire for her
all-male writing staff hoping things get
better here's the thing though my
girlfriend and I went through every
movie dealing with a basa was a female
yo why are they always mean like unless
we get an Ava doc this trend seems to be
continuing this lady is so mean she's
firing people left and right she's
making fun of youtubers just cuz they're
youtubers she won't even give her
colleagues of almost 30 years a name
five six seven that's what I'm gonna
call you all from now on it's just
easier then there's Molly who was
handling quality control for a factory
and really by chance ends up getting the
writing jobs and she has absolutely no
writing experience and you have no
experience in comedy now that's a sound
like grace randolph with lala land or
anything like that because i mean it is
completely impossible but i do like how
mindy puts parts of herself in there and
makes it feel special while some things
could be exaggerated because early on
she was an intern on conan one of the
few late night hosts i'd keep there's a
play on her name being molly but people
are calling her molly instead just like
her real name that had to be altered to
sound one more american and to because i
could just imagine the terrible jokes
mcs made trying to announce her during
her stand-up and probably the one that
got me the most on the rewatch was
reading up on how her mom had actually
passed
cancers and so in the movie she
dedicates a stand up event for that
honesty besides Amazon miss handling the
theatrical release the only complaints I
have for the movie is that it wasn't a
show
rest in peace rip but something like the
Larry Sanders showed but updated for
Amazon would have been great considering
Mindy's known for TV there are a lot of
jokes and events that happen so fast in
the movie that I think it not only
merits REE watches but I think certain
jokes would I hit better if we actually
got to know certain characters that that
we knew they were actually good guys
before they made like a hash tag joke
there would be room in between to
develop Tom's character better so he's
not going from humiliating Molly to
being her crying buddy at her apartments
I think I season would have even made
Molly more intriguing as she learned
from Kathryn and not just Katherine
learning from her even though she's the
one with all the accomplishments the
scene with Walter would have hit even
harder if we would have seen all that
history that they had and how he had
cheated first overall I liked it to the
point of wanting more and I think it'll
find a better audience on Amazon which
is where this next one is thriving
[Music]
this show is great I wanted to talk
about it with these other two mainly to
bring it up to people's attention in
case they've only heard about the other
ones and not this one or maybe even
vice-versa but I also put it here
because I kind of see it like a movie
since this is only six episodes and a
season is like less than three hours but
this one went straight to streaming so
you don't even have to worry about
theatres or then losing money you can
watch it right now seriously as you guys
know I put spoiler warnings before
everything here go watch it but if you
still need some convincing
I can spoil it for you and you will
still find it entertaining afterwards we
follow fleabag who I don't even think
she has a name she's literally just
known as fleabag and she runs a cafe it
talks about her farts with her sister
and as Oscar winner Olivia Colman as a
stepmom I'm sorry you had to hear that
but you did have to hear it no no she'll
do it she's the greatest fleabag also
does this fourth wall break with the
audience I assume but it's acted in a
way where she's doing the bit during the
scene just off to the side did you
totally get one of those vagina yeah no
I've already got one
really nope you you've got one I take it
with me everywhere no you lie you don't
have one on you no yep yeah we're gonna
get it where might be done yet yeah
where's my vagina yeah oh you got me I
don't carry a vagina around with me we
waiting for Vox it didn't get it it's
like a cartoon Lizzie McGuire but with
more side I in fact that's the thing I'm
most excited about because in the second
season someone notices it well lost a
week wha
what would you where'd you just go what
he's just once someone there hey we're
just gonna know that yo I tripped out so
hard with that got noticed because
narrative Li it's genius but it also
kind of like embodies her mentality her
viewpoint the way she sees the world or
at least abides by it and then my
episode six it turns out that this isn't
a comedy but a drama you should have
been paying attention to the whole time
turns out the show's called fleabag not
because she has more space in a Chicago
pothole but because she cheated on her
best friends man that I say best friend
I meant business partner who opened up a
cafe with her did I say living the
friend walked into traffic to teach her
boyfriend a lesson so what in the
beginning ended up being like a comic
relief thing with the fourth wall side I
ends up becoming a glance for help and
she's looking at you saying hey you know
me even watching this show I'm like yo I
was looking at my TV going do not look
at me man people might restraint so if
it rubbers on the ends of pencils it's a
fantastic show and hopefully if you
haven't seen it you'll give it a chance
and if you need more convincing let me
just spit out some more highlights over
here which again has spoilers one she's
writing the new Bond 25 so it'd be cool
to say that you knew her before she
becomes extra extra extra famous the
other would be the shower scene which
was one of the funniest scenes I've seen
all year
[Applause]
there's a scene with Brett Gelman who
I've been seeing so much this man
everywhere he gives us major speech to
his life while the relationship is on
the rocks and man I am NOT going to
leave you until you are down on your
knees please leave me she really did
that even if you sat through the
spoilers like I said all three of these
are still worth your time I've seen them
all multiple times and since it's easy
to consume this last one especially it's
kind of like a those good music 7 track
tapes from last year I hope more people
tune into it and all of them once
they're available for you to watch in
the comfort of your own home thank you
guys checking out this video I'm curious
to know your thoughts down below in the
comment section another good one if I
can add some recommendations here
because I know it takes me longer to
make these videos but catch the farewell
we have a video out over on the intercom
podcast where we talk not only of all of
our favorites of this past year but we
mentioned a lot of the August releases
that are really our number ones but you
know we couldn't really put them because
they're not out yet but we got them at
festivals definitely want those to be on
your radar as well as these I know a lot
of people have been telling me that they
haven't been playing near them which
really sucks and which is why I'm always
big on it streaming you know I may not
be the cinema experience but movies go
to the theaters for a little bit what
are they irrelevant afterwards now they
either end up in a home video or they
end up streaming and then if the movie
is good the movies still good right so I
highly recommend all of these check them
out if you wanted to see any more of the
recommendations that I had like I said a
lot of people always ask us like why
don't you cover this movie we usually do
if you check out our Sundance and our
South by videos which are right here you
can see all of our picks for a lot of
the movies that haven't come out this
year get a little heads-up so you know
really to keep an eye out for these
movies especially when some of them get
released so limited they're in theaters
for like a week or less and maybe give
you the heads up on that thing you guys
for watching this video don't forget
to comment like and subscribe so we
don't bomb at the box office